docs: servicedenuages.fr is domain parked, replace links with web.archive.org (#2720)
Kinto/kinto: docs/tutorials/client-side-encryption.rst

The client will encrypt the payload before sending to the server, and decrypt it upon reception.

See the `online demo <https://michielbdejong.github.io/kinto-encryption-example/>`_ that leverages

> kinto.js and WebCrypto, and read `the complete tutorial <https://mozilla-services.github.io/servicedenuages.fr/en/generic-storage-ecosystem>`_!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kinto.js and WebCrypto, and read `the complete tutorial <https://mozilla-services.github.io/servicedenuages.fr/en/kinto-encryption-example>`_!
```
